Thank you today is subtitles This day has come next
I bought a camera I was waiting for I came next time
ni
car
Dsc it says wx 200 I've been working hard this is Sony small Ever
Though
It as just below have said from before I finally I camera buy
Though it is sloppy amateur
We plan to be in the three-denominated this time I touch without you want fine to talk
Kedomo I took videos entered before you buy for the first time Piraresu single-lens before this
I think it is easy to understand person who had a look there in before the people of this time to see
It's a three- story house, but it's open and shooting response
I'm planning to buy things, but it's only in the private form, but 3
I would like to introduce you to the real video
I'm half- opened, but including those parts
It So thank you has become so, as can be seen when you look at all walk
I think I want to open again I Kedomo'm free
I bought this time to say that the double zoom lens kit and standard lens and telephoto lens
It is a set with
However, now only standard lenses are included
This is also is also tightly will explain in some of the three first videos I Is that so or you can see from his nice
Isn't it
Please close your eyes for a moment
I Nde contents hardly touched but once I opened it
I 'm not excited about it now
Take a look at the other youtube But I this nex 5 r is what love
I think whether stiffer quite familiar you are
It was released in November 2012
Also has come out then I to the nex 5 tt subsequent machine
That nes 5 t will also be released in June 2013 already
On types fall
You're stuck pretty time I since the subsequent machine out
I 'm sure I can't quit now, but I'm sure
I also bought the mirrorless one eye I bought for the first time this time
I also want to take a brief report
Then I will open it
Perhaps one cd for the set-up is in warranty
I can download the app including this camera eye pay free
For me who do not like drinking cameras, I'm also surprised
Product registration recommendation manual
When I open another lid
I saw this time and it really came out
It is a child from out all contents
One is first strap charging you one cable for charging
And there is a flash on the battery
It is external, rather than the I-chip flash memory I nex 5 r
I avoid this around for a while now
I 'm not good at reaction, but now I'm happy I'm max
This time it is catan color, but in fact it was not possible to select it in a timely manner .
is
I bought a white for what I bought
I can wear it without saying
Such a feeling goo
N pants Once you know the idea
It's pretty cool by having it this way, but I want to start it right away
Also
You're multiplying Bow pretty accessor building in as I mentioned in the previous video
Among them, I remember eye wasabi power
It is often said that it is in the first place, so it can be quite a charger
I bought a battery before, so I'm charging from this morning I'm fully charged
It's a place I want to use soon, but it's a bit funny about it
I would like to try it there was a
Yes, I bought much trouble camera body with it
I would like to from the battery of the talk here has been shipped with the nex 5 r
npf is a double 50 regular battery
It is a wasabi car of the eye-catching product which I bought last time
Wasabi par people-1300 ma I am writing
But I know I'm writing Te 1080 ma g more of this genuine
This is I is greater here towards Gane capacity if true it is that Tteyuu
I saw it on the net, but it was better than genuine, but the wasabi par that should have a large capacity is actually
I guess a little bit lighter
Yes I would like to measure
At first it is pure battery np fw 50
There 58g Yes, let's measure wasabi power to the next
I only have 41g
Now it 's a 1080m page and 1300 mag
I think you do it wasabi par capacity is greater on that lighter
There is no such thing, but there is a bit of anxiety, but I'll start here immediately.
I would like
I think it looks like the appearance before that When this opened I already have a standard zoom lens attached
The say cap to be given to this body and the rear cap of cat lens to say is
Splash not included
When I changed this lens, I said that I need to buy more cap
It is
Fenne body and the grip part is a little
It feels like a cat
It looks like this
There has however to insert the I tripod hole and battery and sd card
re
Ah ah ah N
I want to explain here and there while projecting like this, but I am a real camera amateur Nene
I already have eyes on this dial
I do not know at all
Woman ã‡ Please see the other person's video for more information
Well, I think this is the other person's video, but I think I will see it many times
The liquid crystal is I say or I bought this camera Why
It's spinning around
We're facing this side say I will go this one more time
after
Rotate 180 degrees
It is the best camera for low-pitched self-portrait
The vari-angle monitor it further with respect to in I nex 5 r and 5 t
It becomes like this
It's so easy to see from under it at the time to shoot from this high position
Of course when you go low
It becomes such an angle, too
But in it has a liquid crystal mon As you can see now
The finder is not attached, so it's a bit weak for light reflection when shooting outside
it seems like
I I'd want to put it quickly or power say
I want to enter this LCD Protector
There is only one LCD protective film in this
ooooooooooooooooooooo oooo
This little did deviates little sound I is not it mon to while still shooting
But I do not care so much
I want to put on the filter one after another
We make a clean
Ne is hella cool Hmm
In even with this lens protection filter
Lens cap is closed again
Hmm